# Content-based Video Relevance Prediction Challenge
### @ACM Multimedia 2018, Seoul, South Korea

## Motivation
Video relevance computation is one of the most important tasks for personalized online streaming service. Given the relevance of videos and the users watching/searching behaviors, recommender system can provide personalized recommendations, which will help users to discover more contents of interests. In most online service, the computation of video relevance table is based on the users behavior. For example, given the watch behaviors of users, Matrix Factorization can be used to model the interaction between users and videos, then the features of videos from matrix factorization can be used to compute the video relevance tables. However, computing video relevance from the content directly, instead of as a by-product from matrix factorization of user behaviors, is a more promising and challenging tasks, where the content of videos contains the image pixels, audios, subtitles and metadata of videos. Since the content of videos contains almost all the information about a video, ideally, we can have enough details to build video relevance table only from contents. One advantage of content-based video relevance prediction is that the "cold-start" problems can be alleviated, as we do not need the user behaviors for a new video. However, understanding the content of the videos is still a challenging task. The aim of this challenge is to explore efficient ways to do content-based video relevance prediction tasks for recommendation system.


